Hello three cousins
My name is Su Yingying
It's Su Zhenguo's daughter
Second uncle, right?
OK
I heard he recently brought back an illegitimate daughter
I raised more than twenty years outside with the little three
I'm talking about you.
It's me, it turns out that you are a junior
No wonder she keeps calling herself Miss Su Family
Robbing another husband
It's really the upper beam is not right and the lower beam is crooked
What does this have to do with you?
I'm talking to my three cousins
Why don't you get out of here, you impostor?
Why hasn't anyone thrown this garbage out yet?
Throw it out my fault
Do it, Brother Han, I'm your cousin
Oh little sister
Why did you just let them go?
They humiliate you
The grievances suffered today are less than 1/1,000 of yours.
Want me to say
It should be wiped out. It's best to have a family full of them
But brother
All the guests are watching us today
Not on the stick like a shrew
If we just want to be conscious, we'll solve it
The Gu family will only leave brushes for others
This ignores you and the Su family
Little sister is right
You've never thought so much about it before
It seems that you have been worried about your family all these years.
Sure
You have also seen Gu Yuecheng like this today
It's brainless and stupid
He can get to where he is today
Isn't it all up to Miss Ben to clean up the mess for him?
Abandoned the bad wife as soon as he succeeded
I'd like to see how far he can go
Oh, dear.
It doesn't matter, little sister, your third brother will introduce you to handsome guys.
How deep do you want?